Here we are at the end of
this section! Can
you believe it?
I had so much fun exploring
the world of vulnerabilities.
I hope you felt the same.
More importantly, I hope
you got a better sense of
how complex a landscape
the digital world is.
This environment is filled
with gaps that attackers can
use to gain unauthorized
access to assets,
making it a challenge to defend.
We've explored a lot of
information this time around,
so let's quickly recap
what we've covered.
You learned about the
vulnerability management process,
starting with the
defense-in-depth model.
You learned about the layers of
this security framework and
how each of them work together
to build a stronger defense.
You then learned
about the CVE list
that's used to find
cataloged vulnerabilities.
This is a great addition to
your growing security toolbox.
After that, you learned of
the attack surfaces that
businesses protect.
We discussed physical
and digital surfaces
and the challenges of
defending the cloud.
We finished up by exploring
common attack vectors,
where you learned
how security teams
use an attacker mindset to
identify the security gaps
that cyber criminals
try to exploit.
Every one of the vulnerabilities
that we've discussed
so far is faced with
a number of threats.
When we get back together,
we're going to expand
our attacker mindset
even further by
exploring specific
type of attacks
that cybercriminals
commonly use.
We'll look at things like
malware and the techniques
attackers use to compromise
defense systems.
By exploring how these
tools and tactics work,
you'll gain a clearer
understanding
of the threats they pose.
We'll then wrap up by
investigating how security teams
stop these threats from
damaging our
organizations' operations,
their reputation, and
most importantly,
their customers and employees.
You've done a fantastic
job getting to this point.
When you're ready, let's
finish the journey together.
I'm looking forward to
being back with you again.